README.md, before:

# uniswap-dapp-integration-monorepo

This repo holds the angular, react, vue uniswap integration packages. It also has the shared package they all use.

## What this repo solves

Integrating uniswap within your dApp should be a simple thing but with all the complex stuff that goes into making it work, managing transaction status, calling the correct methods on the swap, maintaining the users balances, syncing the fiat prices, producing the token icons, handling all the UI making it work on every browser, i could keep going. On top of this you don't really want to pop a window for the user to swap using the uniswap widget, you want to keep the user experience consistent with your dApp. The idea of this library is to give you a really easy but fully flexible way you can integrate with uniswap with only a few lines of code. This has an angular package, vue package and react package so you can easily get running and create your own uniswap experience. You can customise mostly everything from what tokens you support to what colour you want it to be themed as!

## Angular

Full docs for the angular integration please go [here](https://github.com/uniswap-integration/uniswap-dapp-integration-monorepo/tree/master/angular)

## React

Full docs for the react integration please go [here](https://github.com/uniswap-integration/uniswap-dapp-integration-monorepo/tree/master/react-package)

## VUE

Full docs for the vue integration please go [here](https://github.com/uniswap-integration/uniswap-dapp-integration-monorepo/tree/master/vue)

Commit message:

update readme with live demo url

README.md, after:

# uniswap-dapp-integration-monorepo

This repo holds the angular, react, vue uniswap integration packages. It also has the shared package they all use. This is powered by [uniswap-simple-sdk](https://github.com/uniswap-integration/simple-uniswap-sdk). This is funded by unigrants.

## What this repo solves

Integrating uniswap within your dApp should be a simple thing but with all the complex stuff that goes into making it work, managing transaction status, calling the correct methods on the swap, maintaining the users balances, syncing the fiat prices, producing the token icons, handling all the UI making it work on every browser, i could keep going. On top of this you don't really want to pop a window for the user to swap using the uniswap widget, you want to keep the user experience consistent with your dApp. The idea of this library is to give you a really easy but fully flexible way you can integrate with uniswap with only a few lines of code. This has an angular package, vue package and react package so you can easily get running and create your own uniswap experience. You can customise mostly everything from what tokens you support to what colour you want it to be themed as!

## Live demo

You can view a live demo [here](https://uniswap-dapp-integration.netlify.app). You will need MetaMask installed. It only uses a few tokens just to show the demo working.

## Angular

Full docs for the angular integration please go [here](https://github.com/uniswap-integration/uniswap-dapp-integration-monorepo/tree/master/angular)

## React

Full docs for the react integration please go [here](https://github.com/uniswap-integration/uniswap-dapp-integration-monorepo/tree/master/react-package)

## VUE

Full docs for the vue integration please go [here](https://github.com/uniswap-integration/uniswap-dapp-integration-monorepo/tree/master/vue)
